ahaha you goof, to answer your question NO. It's not bad to clutch while you're rolling although you might want to consider taking your foot off once in a while to give the ankles a break...it can get tiring :,) but I always clutch just to prevent stalling - better safe the sorry y'a know ?? 
hey!! im so sorry yesterday was insane, spent all day packing & driving home... feels so weird, home doesn't feel like home :/ i miss my xl twin bed and shower catty lol call me crazy. and oh my god lazar. unbelievable. CRUISE CONTROL?:,) half the fun of a manual is getting to use your feet !!
don't worry though, I won't tell anyone - secret is safe :) 
how was the drive? did you make it?! 
Oh my goodness incredibly glad to hear, I never doubted you for a second. I absolutely HATED getting stuck in traffic haha oh my gosh part of me would intentionally take a longer back road home just so I wouldn't get stuck behind cars and traffic lights // risk the embarrassment of killing the car. so now you're in Austin though!? when do you start working ? is it lonely?:(
and ohhh my gosh exactly. I couldn't sleep at all last night I felt like my queen bed was swallowing me up...I made a pillow wall to cut the bed in half// to make it feel more like my college bed :,) 
and i don't leave until Friday! hahaa promise I'll give you a heads up before I fall off the face of the earth - my family and I are actually headed to Alaska for a couple days before I head out on my trip
Lazar:,) did you actually? oh my god genius. I'm dead. Have you practiced uphill starts yet at all...? Ridiculously hard. You have to give a bunch of gas! seeing as you probably have zero friends there at the moment and a whole lot of free time you should practice! you can't avoid It the entire summer silly man 
ahah awe yes please I want to see! Snap annalisepeebles -- my brother worked there last summer and had an adorable apartment he stayed in w a couple of buddies 
and yessssss my travels never stop ... I hate being in one place for long :/
What!?!? Nooo way. What source are you getting this from? I've never ever put it into park before when on a hill that's so silly -- then it's just one extra thing to think about when the light turns green. Just press super hard on the breaks & clutch  and then quick switch over to gas// slam on it! works every time 
trust me 
I've had a lot of practice on the grueling / mountainous   Wisconsin terrain 
so I'm actually leaving part way through our Alaska trip for Madagascar but my family and I are hiking / kayaking in anchorage in Alaska for a week which should be super super fun -- sad im missing half of it :( my mom was adamant I come tho cuz it's our last family trip together -- my brothers are getting too old:,)   and 
heyy, im sorry just hanging out with a couple of buddies promise im  not always so terrible w my phone :( and ahahaha NO LAZAR. Im sorry that was sarcasm-- hard to detect over text message :,) Wisconsin is the worlds flattest terrain and makes me want to cry...unreal. I'm moving out of here the minute im out of college - my parents are moving back to Canada ! 
awe thanks <3 no they're really great- super weird at times but I love them. do you have siblings ? 
ahaha and you bet I am lazar  - head out the morning of the 13th across the worldðŸŒŽ thinking of starting my own documentary 
Noo you didn't, oh my gosh lazar hahah you clearly have never been to Wisconsin you're adorable- it's absolutely terrible. the most extravagant terrain we have here is a couple rolling hills between the cornfields:/ wait! you ski?? we use to ski all the time when we lived out east:( did you say you also rescue five? 
*dive
thats so so cool 
:,( adorable, i wish I had younger siblings. So does that make him a senior this year? 
And yes! Like 2 layovers :( I stop in Seattle and Paris  
I love, love love skiing, lazar. My family and I use to live in Vermont and the mountains were beautiful (being serious this time, no sarcasm I swear). We had a buddies cabin in sugarbush we'd always stay at over the weekends it was the absolute best. Miss It so much. That's so cool though, your family sounds amazing! Remind me where you're from again? Somewhere with lots of mountains I'm guessing ?(:   
Okay describe to me this rescue diving ... that's ridiculously cool. Have you actually had to make a rescue before ?? 
What! Serious? When did you go to china- your family seems like quite the globe trotters as wellðŸŒŽ 
Incredible. That's so, so insane. My Madagascar / Alaska trip seems like nothing compared to yours my god :,) SO COOL. So who is the big traveler in your family, or is it both your mom and dad that love it? I take for granted how much my parents like to travel - I think thats a huge reason I am where I am today. I've never been anywhere in Asia though, it's where I want to go next! I've got a bucket of places that I've been waiting to hit.
And yes! Oh my gosh so I'm also a certified scuba diver believe it or not actually haha my dad and brothers and I did it a couple years ago all together -- my mom was too scared , she's too claustrophobic for underwater. I loved  it so much-- not a rescue diver yet though  :,) I completely agree. One of the coolest places on the entire earth ... the only draw back is how motion sick I get haha so each time we'd motor out to dive I'd throw up because of all the waves / bumps:,) 
Ps how is work ! 
Asia sounds so extremely cool, I feel like it's not the first place people look to visit but once they do they have nothing but good things to say. But what!  O my gosh taking pictures and everything ?:,) that's so so so strange ...makes you feel like sort of a rock star tho huh?;) I would love to go visit there. One of my buddies is in Thailand right now teaching English and loves it  
No it's soooo so bad lazar I have such a weak stomach, I puke with anything and everything   - when I was little I wasn't able to ride on the swings because I got so motion sick :,( I had to watch all my other buddies play 
and yes! I won't be the one actually administering it but rather just shadowing and taking a bunch of classes at the university to learn more about it ... i really want to do doctors without boarders when I'm older so it ties in nicely!! 
ahah are you serious? That's so funny I'm sure they've never been anywhere out of the south before- that's exactly what my brother experienced when he was there. Are your coworkers nice?? are they ur age 
:,) i want to see this picture so badly, I'm dead. but argh yes I definitely do- no so much when working out , I can usually stomach it all pretty well but with altitude & motion my stomach absolutely loses it. I've been they way since I was young though :( ahaha yah lazar my goodness so you get a hefty salary to sit there in your little rolling chair and text me?? not so  sure how I feel about this...
aw man no I definitely get that-- just people you can get along with but not connect with? Are they all just too serious/ or what sets you apart from them you think? 
ahaha what!?!?! I said that?ðŸ˜… no recollection of any of that. But yes! It's true - i mean a good amount of the girls i connect with but there's some I just am friendly with and know well never be friend me 
*friends 
ðŸ™ˆ Lazar i promise promise I don't think you're a useless man in a tie- I know you do stuff! swear to god I know you're going to be bustin your balls pretty soon. okay wait but explain to me again what  exactly you're going to be doing? Still a bit confused
awe haha don't worry you didn't offend me! I just didn't remember saying it - although true.  no no I tooootally get that, don't feel bad! I feel like we all make face value judgements -- sometimes more right than others ;) that's exactly how my brother felt there but a bunch of the guys ended up being suuuper super cool - so don't give up hope! Do any of your work buds kick close by? 
*live 
And no:,( well I am buying an new SIM card so we're crossing our fingers -- but once in there we aren't suppose to be on our phones much as it is :/ which I totally get-- in excited tho as weird as it sounds  -- I'm awful w technology as it is :,) 
:) no pressure at alllll, Lazar you go to freakin Carleton you can do ANYTHING. the world is your oyster -- those other Texas kids have nothing on you. Absolutely nothing. but awe man I'm sorry, that is hard I get it:( totally give it time and you'll get to meet way many more people. And yes! YES. Go to bars (omg so old ;) , that's how my brother met a bunch of pals 
ðŸ™ˆ making me blush, absolutely awful w technology but thank you. whaaat what! Rewind --- what trip was this where you were on a sailboat for days and days??  your life seems so cool Lazar my goodness 
but yes so agree -- our family is Canadian and whenever we go to visit them we can't use our phones and its hands down my favorite week of the summer 
hey stranger (: 
I'm so sorry have been on the go all day, completely underestimated the amount of prep and packing entailed w this trip. my goodness. how was your second (SECONDðŸ™ˆ) day of work! a little more work and a little less dressy?(:
as for your trip that sounds so SO incredibly cool! look at you! how did you find a trip like that in Highschool?? 
I wouldn't say I'm all packed, that'd be generous ... I'm in he process of moving everything into one room & have opened my suitcase :,) Lazar do you know how many medications you need ? holy hell I looked like a crazy woman today crawling around the pharmacy w all my pills & capsules & ointments
!! look at you that's so awesome though, starting to feel a bit more like work? what's intimidating?:( the people ? 
that's ridiculously cool-- your parents seem like such amazing people ! I think it's so awesome to get people started on traveling at a young age because then it sort of becomes a lifestyle you know? have you ever heard of backroads?  
ahaha eeeasssy oh my gosh if you know anything about me Lazar it's that I am the worlds best procrastinator...ever. so considering I leave in over 24 hours and have already managed to open my suitcase in packing prep? that's pretty damn gooood! 
and nah , I just really like meds 
:,) YES LAZAR 
for my trip! 
woah. Wut? I didn't even know 203 minutes worth of information existed on taxes..my god. oh and easy! Whenever I have to do something I don't want to do I always bring a snack to distract myself :) working snacks ðŸ™ŒðŸ¼ they work wonders 
exactly! I really actually love changing scenery - being in one place for too long makes me anxious :/ 
hahaha no! No silly like back roads the company? 
:,) I've always been so so bad w it. not when it comes to like school work but just in so many other aspects of life! like packing , and laundry ...all the less pressing things you know? and no no you're totally fine I actually didn't know a bunch about meds until now either ...  a lot of it is anti bacterial kind of stuff for stomach / internal stuff .. so in case I drink some funky water or nasty food that my body isn't use to :/ also a bunch of malaria meds!  
Madagascar has one of the highest rates of malaria in the continent :,) i just learned today
And yes...I do I think. Or I really want to â¤ï¸ i just don't want to feel like I sold myself short of what's out there you know? Like how could you stand dying knowing you've spent your whole life on the same place 
ahaha that's not fair! you saw me at my worst with laundry -- I was a laundry thief walking around in a drunken stupor! not my best moment :( awe haha lazar thats so cute , wish my
Mom told me that- I always use to get the worst bites - they'd swell up like quarters ! but I can handle them  pretty well now...my blood must've gotten pretty nasty :/ 
but yes! i know that's similar to mine as well- my moms been going insane living in Wisconsin these last ten years ... we've never stayed somewhere so long. It's so awful too, Midwest is terrible lazar :/ the people are amazing the geography just sucks 
And yes! Oh my goodness so many more than I thought - my arm was smacked  with so many different shots I thought it was going to fall off :,)  
hey im sorry I've been so awful w the texting - these last couple of days have been a mess :( but o my gosh...visiting one place ... it would have to for sure either be Vermont or Montana... okay Cananda is super duper amazing too. I can't decide on just one , limiting isn't fairrrr! Vermont because I grew up there and can't imagine being the same person without it , Montana because I've never been but just always imagine it being absolutely amazing, an Canada because of my family ...and the mountains â¤ï¸okay your turn globe trotter - where would you go? 
Oh my gosh okay you're places are like 100000x cooler than mine :,) Lazar that's amazing. I've always, always wanted to go to Hawaii -- my friend went hiking there over break and it was the coolest experience of her life. When did you go to Hawaii ?? But completely agree - I love beach and coastal areas but in the end the mountain will always have my heart <3  
Didn't think I'd ever say it ...but  packed:,( most stressful 72 hours being home of my entire life 
we're headed on our way to the airport now-- don't worry I still have a 5 hour drive before I'm knocked off the face of communicationâ˜ºï¸
!! WHAT? so , so cool. the volcano you stayed on I'm assuming was inactive ... correct? Or are you just a total thrill seeker and camped on an active volcano for 7 days?ðŸ˜» and awe thank you so much - really really excited. completely true, all the stress I keep telling myself was worth it...I hope :,) 
and noo don't be sad :(( I'll miss talking to you! we even had a snapstreak Lazar my goodness ... My phone I can use in internet but it's super duper spotty once we get there - i can send email from our computers there tho! Haha you dork if I email you would you respond?    
you are hands down the craziest kid I know. WHAT THE HELL:,) active! unbelievable. that sounds sooo so insaneðŸŒ‹ wait wait and who is we?  were you with buddies/ family .. or just decided to trek the active volcanoes on your own? and awe you're the best okay deal! I promise to spam you with emails while I'm away ... ahahaha you dork SO OFFICIAL. Do you come with business  cards too? 
Your family. I want to meet them so badly, is your brother as crazy as your are? ...scared to ask. And stop stoppp Lazar without you Trinet would not be the same - youre inadvertently saving lives, don't cut yourself short :)) 
We just got to the airport ! saying goodbye for now ðŸ˜ª its been so awesome talking to you / getting to know you -- don't get too bored wth this job of yours okay? ;) promise I'll try and send emails when I can ! Deal? 
hey! was so good seeing you yesterday. of course , would love to catch up and hear about your crazy (adulting) summer (: does dinner sometime this week work for you ?
oh my gosh luckyy, please trade schedules with me. but yes ! hmm would thursday work ?
oh NO lazar hahaha , im sorry just reading this now- shoot shoooot i wish i had guest swipes but i'm on the 20ðŸ˜“ hm ok or we could try somewhere else ? we could grab a late breakfast at tandem one day! i get classes done with at 1030 
i'm so sorry holy man today has been a whirlwind ðŸ¤¦ðŸ¼â€â™€ï¸ hoping you had a great first day of classes! as for thursday morning breakfast , argh so i have art from 9-11:30. would going before that work? or we can try another meal! i'm sorry so early :(
LAZAR. i'm so so sorry i thought i had responded to this message the other day :( art is at 9:00, so want to shoot for 8/815?
i have !!! i've never been there though- is it downtown? 
awe lazar, you're the best. i would love to go there - i've only heard great things about it! and time isn't a problem at all - want to meet around 750? that way we can guarantee enough time. i'll have to head out for my class around 840/45! 
Hmm, where do you live? 
it might make sense for me to meet you where you are - im in evans 
ohh off campus lucky youu , okay no problem! would picking up in evans lot work? 
amazing (: 
thank you for driving ! 
Lazar <3 you're amazing. I was just planning on texting , i should be the one thanking YOU! had such a great time - was so good to hear about
your summer & catch up. ahah okay after hearing about your workouts this summer, you might be the faster of the two of us mr. 5 miler ... but of course ! next long run i have you're more than welcome to come along 
hey, stranger, its me ðŸ‘‹ðŸ¼. you don't have to respond to this by any means, but just really wanted to get in touch. I want to apologize for having not responded for the last week - totally rude and unfair of me to ignore our conversation. I don't want you to think it was anything that you did - AT ALL. It's been completely on my end. After grabbing breakfast the the week I couldn't stop thinking about what an amazing time i had.  it's the first time i've grabbed a solo meal with a guy in a while since my boyfriend i broke up ... i know, call me lame :// talking more with you, i realized how much i like spending time with you & how crazy i am not to talk to you more... i was just worried though that talking with you more would lead you on, which I felt like is completely unfair to you. But what i'm realizing now is how immature it was to ignore our conversation. What i should've told you is just the truth- which is my last relationship has been taking a long time to coil back from, and im still trying to work on focusing on myself for a bit. I really feel awful about the way i handled things though, and i'm so sorry it's taken me until now to confront all of itðŸ˜“

This might have been completely pointless, as i'm not even sure if any of what i said is something that you've been thinking - but i just wanted to let you know how i felt & that i was sorryðŸ˜ž If you would ever like to grab a meal again or even just hanging would so love to. let me know?   
hey, i'm sorry just taking a chance to sit down and read all of this - you're amazing. you have no idea how much it means to have you understand that, mean it honestly. that's totally it though, just finally realizing now that stepping back and taking some time to sort things out is the only way i'm going to ever move forward you know?  

as for meal making & running ahaha YES i'm so innnn!!! seeing as i'm taking a break from running as of the moment (shin splints ðŸ˜“) i would so help you cook up a meal if you're in need of a co chef (::: 
you're amazing. so true, thank you thank you for understanding. and ahaha you're just like my mom, that's exactly what she always says- in 10 years i'm going to look back at it all and realize how insignificant it all wasðŸ™ðŸ¼ but argh as of right now not running but i'm hoping it's just from sore muscles :( im taking the weekend / next week possibly off but i'll be running super soon! can't stay away from that newly painted trackðŸ˜» and awe ahaha stop lazar - is it just you cooking alone most of the time? we so should test a meal out! i have a couple good recipes 
:) hey stranger i'm sorry i've been gone all weekend in the cities watching my buddy run her marathon. unbelievableeee to say the least : thinking our training runs are going to have to work towards a new goal of 26.2 miles.... inspired lazarðŸ˜» we'll have to find u some new shoes though before we tackle it. (haha). as for your expansive cooking - WHO ARE YOU! and what the hell is a sous vide? please expand :,) as for sides i'm allll   over it - my mom is the queen of side dishes 
lazar. completely ridiculous. not in a million years would i expect to hear those words from you! i think your body is wonderful - very well proportioned âœ‹ðŸ¼ and ? every persons build is different, especially athletes. i'm a sprinter so by fault my legs are bigger than a distance runner , you know? it helps us do the things we doo(: and ahaha omg okay shoes were not bad at all! i was giving you shade for them- they're wonderful. it just depends on what you're going for. if distance is what you're looking for but a lighter weight so you can do speed would so recommend saucony ðŸ˜» and alllll time favorite 
ahaha hey! not fair! a sous vide doesn't sound like a magicians secret lazar it just sounds like a fancy took nobody has ever heard about 
i want to know what it isn 
! 
lazar
I have a very pressing question 
I was talking to a wonderful friend (meg) and apparently you're not the only one that raves about this sous vide...ðŸ˜» I have decided I need to taste something from this. I can help you make something from it too! Although i might need a bit of instruction. And ? if need be i can make up for my lack of knowledge/ skills with a delicious side salad 
ahaha you dork, okay so fair but i feel like once you've mastered the main dish that's really all that matters you know? like people are always going to remember a good salmon but nobody gives two shits about the side quinoa salad:/ but yes please! there's a long weekend next weekend can we master our cooking skills after midterms please 
^ the most thoughtful words i've ever read regarding food. absolute poetry lazar ahah beautiful. okay fair fair you win! food is way more of a wholistic concept - all pieces matter (ðŸ™„). as for a day, does friday work maybe? we have practice until about 6 and then we could make something up! also, i can help get anything - you don't have to pay for all this! i can pick up ingredients after practice! 


also, I was talking to solomon last night and he mentioned something i feel really terrible about - I didn't want it to sound like I was inviting myself over to dinner / being entitled to anything i'm really sorry if it came across as thatðŸ˜“ and you are more than welcome to always say no if you don't want to! I never want to put you in a weird position at all
awe haha no i am serious! absolute poetry, honestly if this whole cooking thing doesn't work out you should seriously consider writing lazar...ðŸ™ˆ a little free verse here and there. and no totally ok! hmm i will be gone in the cities for dinner saturday night, but does sunday work?
and ah, okay thank you so much, definitely makes me feel better. I just felt really terrible last night about it and wanted to let you know , never want to come across that way
<3 hey stranger. i'm so, so sorry i mentally responded to this. hands down the worst person you'll ever meet when it comes to technology and messages. okay firstly, please PLEASE DONT apologize in the slightest I promise it was completely fine, if anything I'm glad he told me. Sometimes i need to be reminded / kept in line âœ‹ðŸ¼ regarding tonight, is there any way i can postpone until tomorrow or next weekend? I'm so sorry these last 24 hours have been a whirlwind. I finished midterms friday & went up to the city to visit a friend w some family problems going on ... was driving back last night and got into an accident :,)in the midst of calling insurance companies / feeling awful about my friends car i damaged ... I know if i came over just wouldn't be fun to have around at all, Im so sorryðŸ˜“ My life is never this much, i feel like ever since i've been back at school though it's been a constant roller coaster ... but making dinner is so something I've been wanting to do with you & would still love to. If you're up for it? What is your week / weekend looking like? would still love to be your sue chef if you let me ðŸ™ðŸ¼
amazingâ¤ï¸ does tuesday night work ? i just have a morning class so I can run to econo at any time and get any ingredients !
.... all dependent on what you want to make, chef Zamurovic 
ahhh! look at YOU! okay let me be in charge of side making though -i will pay you back. i'm a huge huge fan of salmon..are you sick of it by now? we can for sure do something else if you can't eat anymore fish âœ‹ðŸ¼ 
and hmm okay as for side i'm thinking of a really good salad my mom always makes , but i can get ingredients for that tomorrow :) are you a kale fan?
shoot ... 
 i prefer salmon steaks :/ 
KIDDING 
hehe oh my gosh you're perfect, thank you that sounds wonderful  
and yes! okay perfect - then you're going to love thisâ¤ï¸ 
and you're not allergic to nuts right? 
like max of 20 minutes ! only thing i really have to prep is the dressing (:
haha awe lazar, you're so great - i love roasted veggies and potatoes. I say let's do potatoes because we'll already have our vegetable with the salad... a nice starch add on is always good â˜ðŸ½
how was your night last night?? 
oh my goodness couldn't agree more - my mom's a huge potato fan. HUGE! ... would go as far to even say a potato connasour. we've been growing sweet potatoes in our garden this year and she's obsessed. and hmm my family at home eats crazy late.. but at school i usually eat around 6:30. is that ok?? i could arrive by 5:30ish for prep?(:
*can i arrive by 5:30ish 
and look at you! holy domesticated! you're incredible - exceptionally productive in anyone's eyes lazar haha. did the roommates help out? and it was ok! i went out for a tiny bit to watch after a buddy - it ended pretty quick though, as it ended with her getting sick in dixon  :,)  
^ a failure on my end as the watchful friend 
STOP! no, no i promise i'm not picky at alll when it comes to my food. i appreciate all styles of salmon & potatoâœ‹ðŸ¼ im strictly a consumer, not a critic. and haha awe no take them as compliments - we will all he jealous of you and your household skills years down the road ... think of it as am advantage if anything ;) and noo haha lazar you were so funnyyy that night - and ? you did the campus a favor by getting rid of those damn traffic cones 
and yes! 5:30 is perfect
can you remind me where you live again? 
also! this is the recipe for the salad -- im headed to grocery store this afternoon but before i go, is there anything on the recipe list that you already have that i could maybe borrow a tiny pinch of? like sugar / olive oil ? if not you're completely fine!
yess, okay perfect just got back from econo ! is it okay if i just shower super quickly? i'll head over in 20(:  
ahaha an lazar oh my gosh i know, i heard the construction men gossiping about you the other day... apparently you're on some hot water
ahahaha you're unbelievable lazar. absolutely terrible 
but yes! ok on my way 
lazar. 
am i looking at the right union street? 
 i think it's underestimating my walking speed 
ahahaha okok i'm on it! 
hello HELLOOOO! i'm so sorry oh my gosh. wednesdays. hands down the worst day of the week to have ever existed. just getting a chance to look at this now - you're so incredible. i should be the one thanking YOU! i was going to send you a message tonight but you beat me to it - thank you so so much, i had such an amazing time lazar. love talking w you ... and using all your fancy kitchen utensils (:
as for the extra salad - please please keep it oh my goodness. and if nothing else, let your roommates have some if you can't finish it;) haha i got to use a freaking sous vide - i couldn't ask for anything more in return  